Make docs more LLM friendly (#29566)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/dagster-plus/deployment/management/dagster-ips.md

---

> description: Dagster+ uses AWS CloudFront for web, CLI, and GraphQL API delivery;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The Dagster+ web interface, CLI, and GraphQL API use AWS CloudFront's content delivery network. The Dagster+ agent interacts with specific IP addresses.
```

>   agents connect via specified IP addresses. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
